---
title: "Attention Is All You Need"
date: 2026-06-18
author: "Me"
tags: ["First Post", "Welcome", "Hello World"]
draft: false
showToc: false
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "images/moon-june-18.png"
    alt: "Photo of the Moon I took on June 18th. Edited by Gemini."
    caption: "Photo of the Moon I took on June 18th. Edited by Gemini."
    relative: false
---

First post — defining the blog's direction and principles.

<!--more-->

Every project has a purpose. The reason it exists. The goal it pursues. This blog is no exception and at the very beginning of the sprint I am about to start, I want to define its direction right here.

It is not a part of a big plan to become a famous influencer, sell my soul to the sponsors and quit with a fortune (it sounds like an interesting experience, btw). Personal blogs are an excellent way to develop social skills, confidence, and hate tolerance. Additionally, an active social presence opens up a lot of new experiences and connections. Soon, I will figure out a way to add a comments section to this blog to get feedback.

All of this requires social interaction. To get it, I need to attract some attention, and attention arises from a desire to learn. It so happens that I have a curiosity about experimenting and building various technical and nerdy stuff which I wish to share, so the attention-knowledge exchange gap between me, the author, and you, the reader, is closed here. I will post the results and conclusions here.

On the 30th of November 2022 the world was irreversibly changed. Now the machines are capable of implementing your thoughts. They are getting consistently better at generating meaningful thoughts as well. The loop is closing, and so is the human necessity of applying cognitive effort. I have also become a part of this process, and to keep my thinking muscles in shape here comes the core principle I will stick with on this blog — none of the natural-language content under this domain shall be generated by a large language model, or any other text-generation method.

I am in the process of opening various social channels: Telegram for the Slavic audience, X for English-speaking interactions, and Instagram (I would have to learn how to use it first) for sharing general life stories. You may want to check them out as well if you wish to have a chat with me, or you happen to be interested in living in Spain. All the links are on the root page.

Peace ✌️

P.S. The post is titled after the famous science paper that changed the world roughly five years after its publication in 2017.
